Notebooks (#6138)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/notebooks/_index.md

---
title: Notebooks
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "graphing/dashboards/screenboard"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Create a Screenboard"
- link: "graphing/dashboards/timeboard"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Create a Timeboard"
---

## Overview

Notebooks combine graphs and text in a linear, cell-based format. They are designed to help you explore and share stories with your data such as incident investigations, postmortems, runbooks, and infrastructure documentation.

{{< img src="graphing/notebooks/demo_notebook.png" alt="demo notebook" responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

## Notebook List

> The [Notebook List][1] allows you to view and search previously created notebooks. For each notebook, the name, creator, and last modified date are displayed. The notebooks are grouped by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Notebook List][1] allows you to view and search previously created notebooks. Each notebook's name, creator, and last modified date are displayed. The notebooks are grouped by:
```

{{< img src="graphing/notebooks/time_selector.png" alt="Time Selector" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}

**Note**: Clicking and dragging to zoom in on a graph does not unlock the cell from the global time. It changes the notebook's global time instead.

### Expand

Expand the graph by clicking on the expand icon on the right side of the cell. More details about full screen mode is available on the [Widgets][7] page.

### Layout options

The following layout options are available by clicking the grid icon on the right side of the cell:

* **Graph size**: Choose between `XS`, `S`, `M` (default), `L`, and `XL`.
* **Graph legend**: Uncheck the box to hide the legend. Legends are automatically disabled for `XS` and `S` graphs.
* **Grouping**: Display one graph per source grouping.

{{< img src="graphing/notebooks/layout_options.png" alt="layout options" responsive="true" style="width:50%;">}}

**Note**: Changing any of these settings only affects the targeted cell.

### Link to individual cells

Copy the URL for a specific cell by clicking the chain-link icon on the right side of the cell. Direct linking is available for both visualization and Markdown cells.

> When a user visits the URL for a specific cell, the notebook is opened to show the cell at the top of the viewport. Links are absolute, which means a cell's URL remains the same if it's moved to a new position within the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user visits the URL for a specific cell, the notebook is opened to show the cell at the top of the viewport. Links are absolute: a cell's URL remains the same even if it is moved to a new position within the notebook.
```

### Save, rename, clone, delete

Save a notebook with `CMD + S` or click the **Save** button in the notebook header. After a new notebook has been saved once, it continues to autosave at regular intervals. Also, a notebook can be saved manually at any time between autosaves. To ensure you don't lose work, you are prompted for confirmation if you attempt to leave a notebook with unsaved changes.

Rename a notebook by clicking the name field in the notebook header.

Clone any notebook from the individual notebook by using the settings cog at the top right.

> Delete a notebook (created by you) from the notebook list page, or inside the individual notebook by using the settings cog at the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a notebook from the notebook list page, or inside the individual notebook by using the settings cog at the top right. You can only delete notebooks that you have created.
```
